Add tutorial for setting up the remote execution infra (#414)
tweag/rules_nixpkgs: docs/remote-execution-tutorial.md

# Bazel remote execution using `rules_nixpkgs`

> During a Bazel build with `rules_nixpkgs`, a series of Nix paths will be created on the local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a Bazel build with `rules_nixpkgs`, a series of Nix store paths will be created on the local
```
for consistency

[worker](https://github.com/buildbarn/bb-deployments/blob/d142377ce90d48407f01ca67a7707d958de38936/kubernetes/worker-ubuntu22-04.yaml)
to include the NFS share mount on the `runner` container:

```yaml
...
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        ...
        name: runner
        volumeMounts:
        ...
        - name: nfs-vol
          mountPath: /nix/store
      volumes:
      - name: nfs-vol
        nfs:
          server: 10.0.0.1 # Replace with the NFS server IP
          readOnly: true
          path: /nix/store
        ...
```

### Configure `rules_nixpkgs` for remote execution

The final step is to configure our Bazel project to use the Nix server and remote execution.

1. Enable copying of Nix paths to the remote server.

This can be done by setting the `BAZEL_NIX_REMOTE` environment variable. This should be the name of
any entry on the [SSH config](https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/config) file where all the
authentication details are provided.

```
$ cat $HOME/.ssh/config

Host nix-server
  Hostname 10.0.0.1
  IdentityFile ~/.ssh/nix-server
  Port 2222
  User nix-user

export BAZEL_NIX_REMOTE=nix-server
```

2. Configure remote execution.

> We can't give exact instructions for this steps because it on your specific setup and the executors
> or third party service you're using.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can't give exact instructions for this step because it depends on your specific setup and the executors
or third party service you're using.
```
